I'm sure you're having trouble.
Now that you all know
Don't sell it
Tell me how much do you know
Didn't he just say it all?
He is from 8 years later
How much do you think he knows?
Just talk about your business a week ago
My sister was bitten and mutated
It's under control now.
Up to now
I haven't found a way to control him yet
So you're eyeing Jiang Fan's blood
Since his blood can save his colleagues
Then why doesn't my sister give it a try?
But his blood can only suppress the virus
There's no way to eradicate it.
We need to see what's going on with your sister
Since you want to use the equipment here
It's not impossible
Just save my sister
You can use the equipment if you can't save it
None of you are leaving.
You're too extreme, otherwise you wouldn't have a choice
OK
I promise you.
You have to think about it.
It's too late to regret now
If I can't save my sister
You know the consequences.
Is Xiaofan sure?
I'm not either.
Don't worry.
You two, don't add to the blockage
You stay here with your mutant boyfriend
Three please